Adds docs for cloud target discovery (#1448)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/infrastructure/deployment-targets/azure/web-app-targets/index.md

Azure Web App deployment targets allow you to reference existing Web Apps in your Azure subscription, that you can then reference by role during deployments.

:::hint
From version 2022.1 Octopus can discover Azure Web App targets using tags on your Web App resource.
:::

## Requirements

- You need an [Azure Service Principal account](/docs/infrastructure/accounts/azure/index.md#azure-service-principal) that references your Azure subscription.

- Once your Azure account is setup, you need an existing Azure Web App / App Service setup within your Azure subscription. To learn more about App Services, see the [Azure App Services documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/) that can help you get started. If you are dynamically creating the web app during your deployment, check our section about [creating Web App targets by scripts using service messages](#creating-web-app-targets-by-scripts).

## Discovering web app targets

> Octopus can discover Azure Web App targets as part of your deployment using tags on your resource. To discover targets use the following steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Octopus can discover Azure Web App targets as part of your deployment using tags on your resource. To discover targets use the following steps:
```

> - Add an Azure account variable **Octopus.Azure.Account** to your project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add an Azure account variable named **Octopus.Azure.Account** to your project.
```

> - Add tags to your Azure Web App so that Octopus can match it to your deployment step and environment.

Reviewer 2: I feel like we should link the "Add tags" words here to the relevant doco, otherwise it feels like an immediate questionmark

> - Add a "Deploy an Azure App Service" or "Deploy an Azure Web App (Web Deploy)" step to your deployment process. The target role on the step will be used along with the environment being deployed to, to discover Azure Web App targets and then deploy to them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add a "Deploy an Azure App Service" or "Deploy an Azure Web App (Web Deploy)" step to your deployment process. During deployment, the target role on the step will be used along with the environment being deployed to, to discover Azure Web App targets to deploy to.
```

> - Add a "Deploy an Azure App Service" or "Deploy an Azure Web App (Web Deploy)" step to your deployment process. During deployment, the target role on the step will be used along with the environment being deployed to, to discover Azure Web App targets to deploy to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a `Deploy an Azure App Service` or `Deploy an Azure Web App (Web Deploy)` step to your deployment process. During deployment, the target role on the step will be used along with the environment being deployed to, to discover Azure Web App targets to deploy to.
```
